Hello everyone and welcome to each
news the official news of the tournaments
of each nor 100 my name is read roldana
well as in previous tournaments
we will not see boots but the draw of
participants and various data for
start the tournament attention
participants are about to give
good good the duels will be random
on the one hand and on the other hand not those that are
considered by the organizing committee
of the tournament as the most likely winners
they have been put in parts completely
separated from the rest everything is
completely randomly how it stayed and if
in case you were wondering they can
continue to enter more or clarify
comments, there are some who left
noticing that I did not put in but if they were
what will happen to the new ones as soon as
every time I passed the new names and
complete in 32 may be closed
definitely and it will be published to be
possible different duels depending on
what you suggest in the
comments if they did not find out in the
description there is a video with the new
requirements a few entrants are the
extension of some rule but they entered
new to be discussed
now we go with the hurdes to use in
this round is completely free the
blue as it always has been but for
those who do not want to break much the
head thinking about unasur I leave these that
nickel and spongebob in the
description will find links with all
the chapters of Sponge Bob and Ken to
mikel in mega in the hard section of
bitches I leave the injured or rather
free I am the section called hard of
bitch because it's hard to be original
with unasur are exploited so the
left and if someone wants it then there the
you have in the complement section of
risk I leave this scene
wow, I'm going to dominate
if you do it right you can win a couple of
tenths more or up to half a point and if
you do wrong you lose a better point go
forgetting to retrain can be
take one or several and combine with your
Original the judges so far are
mister alborán every ni 100 monsters and the
more faithful and need to talk a little
buy 12 mouse and terminator but almost
are confirmed with the ones I have I think
be able to tie well all styles of
pepe or although adding another would not come
wrong by the way has been postponed the
duration of the tournament the pool for
deliver can be done comfortably
in two weeks and last between a minute and
half and two and a half minutes only
final putts can last longer with
that we would have that the tournament would last two
months but it has been decided to increase it
little more since mostly for
first round you will need 2 to 3
days to avoid the video then the
Saturday April 25 is the last day for
deliver a Hispanic pool and upload the
video on April 28 ironically it has
after every ni said he would retire in
this day remember if you think not
can deliver a pup on time for
any incident can deliver a
putt already done this can be done only
once in three possible rounds so
think if you ask, we will not go down
points for the simple fact that it is a
putt already done that is all the information
we will see then an epic tournament
await